[pop music playing]
[Igarashi] This doesn't mean
I trust you now. Understand?
BREAKING POINT
-I'm going with you.
-Humph.
[Igarashi]
Alpha Leader Igarashi,
moving out.
[Joe, via brainwave]
Why would they take Ivan?
[Chang] I wish I knew,
but I don't have a clue. Sorry.
[Heinrich] It was the Guardians
who took him, right?
[Jet] Igarashi seemed
as shocked as we were.
That means the Guardians
definitely weren't behind this.
Either way,
we're getting Ivan back.
[clanking]
How the hell's he able
to move like that?
[Jet] The bastard who took Ivan
just flew into the state park
to the north.
Roger that.
[clanging]
Those maneuvers
he's pulling are unreal.
How can he physically do that?
-[projectiles clatter]
-What the...
Huh?
[Igarashi] Plasma field armor?
Oh, sure, so now you show up?
[Igarashi] You were
way too fast for me.
So this guy is
one of The Blessed?
[Jet] Probably.
[gasps]
Doesn't he know it's futile?
I'll leave the rest to you.
[Igarashi] Be sure you don't
drop that baby, all right?!
What?
[Igarashi] What the hell
are you doing?!
[groans] My body.
[Igarashi] What's wrong?
[gasping]
What the hell?
[grunts]
[Jet grunting]
What's happening to me?
My body, I can't...
Ivan, wake up! Wake up!
[weapon firing]
Move!
[grunting]
No. No!
[Jet grunts]
[gasps]
Damn. It's like they've got
a mind of their own.
[groans]
Damn it to hell.
[grunts]
Uhh! I can't control it!
Force quit!
Don't do it.
Stop!
Force-quit the tank.
Shut off the main power!
Hey, are you all right in there?
[sighs] Damn.
Jet Link, are you alive?
[groans] Barely, yeah.
Jet? What the hell?
I've lost control
of my own body!
What?
Come on. Can you just stop?
No, I can't!
Sorry about this, Jet.
Jet, are you okay?
Hey, what happened to you?
I totally lost control
of my body.
Hmm?
One of The Blessed
manipulates machines.
Oh, no!
Fortunately his brain
seems to be completely intact.
The damage is quite serious.
I fear it's going
to take quite some time
to make needed repairs
and bring him
to a full recovery.
Doctor, you have any idea
what happened to Jet?
That's a good question.
I gave him
a thorough examination
and discovered
something peculiar.
What is it?
It looks like
a bacterial thread,
but it's actually synthetic.
That said, it's not made
of any kind of metal, either.
All I can say is that
it's an organic polymer.
Organic what now?
Yes. I can't even begin
to guess how it was made,
but this thing serves
as some sort of antenna
for receiving thought-waves
from The Blessed
and apparently
can control machines.
A Blessed who can manipulate
machines at will, huh?
Sounds dangerous to me.
So, any news?
Were you able to track Ivan?
Actually, I can no longer
locate his brain output.
[gasps]
[Heinrich] Are you serious?
The only explanation
is that something's
blocking him from us.
[Chang] Hmm.
Are they planning
to try for the upper hand
by swooping in
and taking Ivan away?
They would have simply
done away with him by now
if that were the case.
It could be that they wanted
to take Ivan for something.
I do not have a good feeling.
How's Jet?
Looks like
he's gonna be all right,
although it's going to take time
for him to recover.
I'm sorry.
I was completely useless.
In a situation like that,
what could you do?
Up until now, I've done nothing
but torment every one of you.
Please forgive me.
[gasps]
And you?
Don't you have anything to say?
I do not.
Seriously?
You've got a lot of nerve
after all that time
you spent trying to kill us!
My actions were based
on what I saw.
I read the situation,
and I lead my squad.
So you're not even going
to pretend to apologize?
We were misled.
I'm truly sorry.
I accept that I'm to blame.
Françoise, don't forget.
She had no choice
but to follow her orders.
Joe.
I've uncovered something
that I find very unsettling.
Eh?
Is something the matter?
[Françoise] No, it's nothing.
Well, if you say so, then.
There is new information
I'd like the Guardians
to know as well.
What is it?
Take a look.
This is the micro-drone
built by The Blessed.
A micro-drone?
After some extensive research,
I've discovered
that there's a nanomachine
embedded in this bug's belly.
Furthermore, I've found
it's a synthetic virus
created from scratch.
It's designed to activate
once it enters the epidermis
of a living body.
Are The Blessed planning
to trigger a pandemic?
I'm getting bad vibes
from all of this.
[gasps]
[Joe] What is it?
I've found him.
I've traced Ivan's brainwaves.
He's at--
It's called Dynamic Ultra.
They do high-tech research.
[Gilmore] They're
a major military supplier.
[gasps]
The Savior tanks
are built by them.
That's not all.
Their R & D team is astounding.
Bleeding-edge munitions
are made there.
The company
was founded 50 years ago.
The current director,
who was also the founder,
was able to build it
in a single generation.
But strangely,
no one has actually seen
the director lately.
Even his most recent photograph
dates back to 30 years ago.
He doesn't look his age,
no matter how you slice it.
Wait. I just remembered.
In my father's files,
he'd written something
about this director,
Steven Archimedes,
"The Invention King."
Father said he was
a member of The Blessed.
Great, now we're dealing with
a mathematician from Greece?
As I'm sure you already know,
Dynamic Ultra leads
the bio-research industry.
I'm sure my father
tried to contact them
numerous times over the years.
So you're saying
that Dr. Davenport
likely got that sample
from this facility?
-[gasps]
-Hmm.
[Chang] Hmm.
The Blessed who abducted Ivan
headed in the direction
of the Savior tank plant,
which also happens
to be a company
capable of creating
a man-made virus?
It's all adding up so well,
the result
almost seems like a cliché.
But even if it's a trap, we go.
You're right.
I'll go with you.
The Blessed will only
bring harm to humanity,
and that means they're an enemy
the Guardians should take down.
But then there's the danger
of them taking control
of your gear.
Savior tanks are equipped
with plasma armor.
[Gilmore] So by releasing
a powerful discharge,
it can vaporize whatever
comes into contact with it.
The A.I. running
the Savior tanks
seemed to detect no threat
as far as those capsules
are concerned,
but we can deal with that
by reprogramming the settings.
Normally it will activate
only when a bullet
comes into contact,
but if we programmed it
to stay on...
That condition
can't last very long.
About 20 minutes at most.
Hopefully that's enough.
Agreed.
20 minutes, in and out.
I'll pick four members
from my platoon to help,
plus me, as I said.
[communicator chirps]
Captain, transmission from HQ.
Igarashi here.
Well, Igarashi,
I'm very disappointed in you.
You will withdraw now.
What? Why would you
have me do that?
At this very moment,
we're on the trail
of one of those cyborgs.
It's only a matter of time
before we secure him.
We can't withdraw now,
or all our efforts
up to this point
will have been for nothing.
-That's precisely why.
-[gasps]
I'm sorry to say this,
but it's become apparent
that you're lacking in certain
leadership qualities.
Gather your troops,
and return to HQ immediately.
As for your pursuit
of the cyborg,
I'll assign
another squad to that.
Director!
[gasps] But why?
Why would he have me return
at a time like this?
You think he's in the clutches
of The Blessed?
Looks like it.
You should go back,
because if you stay with us,
you're going to be treated
as fugitives.
Hmm.
Very well.
However, my squad stays here.
I'll go back to HQ alone.
Captain, I'll go back with you.
No, you will
stay behind with them
to wipe out The Blessed.
You must avenge our fallen.
But, sir--
I'm taking full responsibility
for the deaths of my men.
[Gilmore] What will you do
about The Blessed?
I suspect that Director Pyotr
either is one
or is working with them.
The senseless reasoning
on those orders,
the intel of unknown origin,
plus the strange way The Blessed
had all the data that we had.
But once you start
to add it all up,
the Director seems
the most obvious suspect.
[Joe] You really think
you can do it alone?
I have all the friends I need
back at HQ.
I'm sure I'll gather
enough evidence in no time.
I'll shove it
right in their faces.
I plan to interrogate
my suspects head-on.
In that case,
I want to go with you.
I'll tell them about my father,
all of his files,
everything I've experienced.
If we submit that insectlike
micro-drone as evidence,
we should be able
to tell the world
about what The Blessed
are up to.
It will be good
to have you there.
Agreed, but watch your backs.
There might be others of
The Blessed lurking around HQ.
Yes. I am aware.
I hope everything works out.
All systems go.
Just say the word.
Dolphin III, lift off.
Once airborne,
engage stealth mode.
We're all set to take off.
So now what?
I'll go, with 006 and 007.
Not being a machine
in the first place,
I should be safe.
I doubt whatever they have
can take root in a cell
that can change at will.
My subcutaneous fat can envelop
any kind of attack they throw
at me like child's play.
For now,
I've lost Ivan's brainwaves,
but there's no sign
that he's left there.
[Chang] So we
gotta walk all around
and find him
in this huge factory?
We can only spend 20 minutes
on the search.
After that time,
you guys need to go back.
Any minute now,
we'll arrive at Dynamic Ultra.
You look like
something's bothering you.
No, it's nothing.
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]